## 0. ISO 36363

Tyler waved the prick goodbye and returned to his office, alone. He immediately logged on to the security system and re-enabled facial recognition.

Fuck. The nurses were all over the place. Practically none were at their assigned stations. However the hell they'd picked their stations, it sure wasn't ISO 36363-compliant.

He got on the phone to the security company.

"Yes, hello. Tyler Miskewitz, Mary's Small Batch Maidens...No, he's been doing great, thanks. I was hoping I could have some additional personnel...No, temporary. Two weeks, max."

They quoted him an outrageous number. "Surge pricing," they called it. It was a third of Mary's Small Batch Maidens' remaining runway. But if this deal failed DD...

He wired through the payment and went home to bed.

When he got back in the next morning, all hell had broken loose. A crowd of angry nurses were at his office door, shouting. They turned their attention to him as soon as he appeared, while the useless rented security personnel stood limply back.

"What?" he shouted over the din.

The crowd quieted down. "Give us back our girls!" someone yelled.

"They're not your girls!" he retorted.

Cacophony ensued, even louder than before. Tyler shoved his way through the crowd and unlocked his office door. "Send in a representative and get back to work!" he shouted, before entering his office and slamming the door shut behind him.

The din quieted down as the nurses presumably saw reason and went back to work. Once they'd left, he heard a knock at his door. He opened it and saw one of his longest-serving nurses, standing alone in her purple scrubs.

"Hi Rose," he said.

"Nice to see you, Tyler," she replied.

"Come on in." Tyler returned to his desk and sat down in his mesh-backed office chair.

Rose entered his office and gently lowered her middle-aged frame into one of the guest chairs across from him.

"How can I help?" he asked.

She ignored him. "Why are all these security guards here?"

Tyler sighed. "You know about the acquisition, right?"

"Yes."

"Do you know what 'due diligence' means?"

"It means a bunch of paperwork for you," the aging nurse smiled. "But I don't see what it has to do with us."

"It means we have to demonstrate compliance with accepted industry standards, Rose."

"We are in compliance."

"Which includes post randomization."

Rose bit her lip. "The posts are randomized. We get emails every morning, telling us where to go and which girls we're minding."

"And what do you do with those emails?"

She closed her eyes and clenched her jaw. 

"Do you follow their instructions, Rose?"

Keeping her eyes closed, she shook her head slowly.

"Or do you just do whatever you want?"

Her eyes snapped open and locked onto his. "Fuck you, Tyler."

"Excuse me?"

"Tell those goons to piss off, and give me back my girls."

Tyler was taken aback. The matronly old lady didn't seem like the type. "Your girls?" he asked.

"Hayley and Elizabeth," she said. "They're in Batch 27."

"Jesus fucking Christ, Rose. You named them?"

"Everyone names them."

"No way, Rose! You don't name them! Everyone knows that - ISO 36363!"

The old nurse snarled and pushed herself out of her chair and onto her feet. "Damn you and your ISO 36363, Tyler!" she shouted, pointing across the desk at him. "We've all talked. If you don't give us all back our girls, we're going to unionize."

The color drained from Tyler's face. If anything could sink this deal faster than an ISO 36363 violation, it was a union. He took a deep breath. Tried to remember that negotiation seminar he'd attended at that conference, all those years ago. This wasn't the time to act rashly.

"Rose," he said. "Sit down. Do you know how screwed this business is?"

She remained standing. "Sounds like a you problem."

He shook his head. "When a business runs out of money, Rose, it's an everyone problem. You think I wanted this?"

She avoided his eyes and slumped a little, looking down at her feet.

"If this deal falls through, do you know what the next option is?"

"No."

"Liquidation, Rose. Liquidation means you're fired. Everyone's fired. And your girls? Hayley and Elizabeth?"

She looked up at the sound of their names and met his eyes.

"Liquidated," he said.

She looked down again and closed her eyes. She stood there in silence for ten long seconds, before pushing her chair back and turning towards the door.

"I'll tell the other nurses to get back to work," she said. "At their assigned posts."

The defeated old lady shuffled out his door.

Tyler leaned back in his chair and breathed a sigh of relief. Fuck, what a day. Nurses. Hayley and Elizabeth. What next?
